Updated Packs/GoogleGemini to include VertexAI API option (#44076)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleGemini/Integrations/GoogleGemini/GoogleGemini_description.md

> The Google Gemini integration provides seamless access to Google's advanced large language models from within Cortex XSOAR, empowering analysts with intelligent AI assistance for investigation workflows and decision-making processes. This integration enables AI-powered chat conversations, text analysis, and natural language processing capabilities for enhanced security automation. Multiple Gemini models are supported, including 2.0 Flash and 1.5 Pro variants.

Reviewer: Is this also for XSIAM?

> Supports two authentication modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration supports two authentication modes:
```

> - **AI Studio API Key**: For use with Google AI Studio (generativelanguage.googleapis.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **AI Studio API Key**: For use with [Google AI Studio](generativelanguage.googleapis.com).
```

> - **Vertex AI Service Account**: For use with Google Cloud Vertex AI (aiplatform.googleapis.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Vertex AI Service Account**: For use with [Google Cloud Vertex AI](aiplatform.googleapis.com).
```

> ## Setup Instructions (AI Studio)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AI Studio
```

> 1. **Obtain API Key**: Visit [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey) to create an API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In [Google AI Studio](https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey), create an API key.
```

> 2. **Configure Integration**: Add a new GoogleGemini integration instance, set Authentication Type to "AI Studio API Key", and enter your API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In Cortex XSOAR, add a new GoogleGemini integration instance.  
3. Set **Authentication Type** to `AI Studio API Key`, and enter your API key.
```

Is this just for XSOAR (or also for XSIAM)?

> 3. **Test Connection**: Use the Test button to verify connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Test** to verify the connectivity.
```

> 4. **Start Using**: Execute the `google-gemini-send-message` command for AI interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the `google-gemini-send-message` command for AI interactions.
```

> ## Setup Instructions (Vertex AI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Vertex AI
```

> 1. **Create a Service Account**: In the Google Cloud Console, go to IAM & Admin > Service Accounts and create a service account with the "Vertex AI User" role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Google Cloud Console, go to **IAM & Admin** > **Service Accounts** and create a service account with the Vertex AI User role.
```

> 2. **Generate a JSON Key**: On the service account page, create a new JSON key and download it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the service account page, create a new JSON key and download it.
```

> 3. **Configure Integration**: Add a new GoogleGemini integration instance, set Authentication Type to "Vertex AI Service Account", and paste the full JSON key contents into the Service Account Key field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In Cortex XSOAR, add a new GoogleGemini integration instance.  
4. Set **Authentication Type** to `Vertex AI Service Account` and paste the full JSON key contents into the **Service Account Key** field.
```

Is this just for XSOAR (or also XSIAM)?

> 4. **Set Project ID**: Enter your Google Cloud Project ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter your Google Cloud **Project ID**.
```

5. **Set Location**: Enter the location (default: `global`). Use `us-central1`, `europe-west4`, etc. for regional endpoints.

> 6. **Test Connection**: Use the Test button to verify connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Test** to verify connectivity.
```

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting and Tips
```

> - **API Key Issues**: Ensure your API key has access to the Generative Language API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure your API key has access to the Generative Language API.
```

> - **Network Connectivity**: Verify your XSOAR instance can reach the configured endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify your Cortex XSOAR instance can access the configured endpoint.
```

> - **Model Availability**: Check that the specified model is available in your region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check that the specified model is available in your region.
```

> - **Rate Limits**: Review usage quotas and rate limits for your API key or project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review usage quotas and rate limits for your API key or project.
```

> - **Unsupported Models**: The integration will warn but attempt to use models not in the official list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The integration attempts to use models not included in the official list and issues a warning.
```

> - **Vertex AI Auth Errors**: Ensure the service account has the `roles/aiplatform.user` role and the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure the service account has the `roles/aiplatform.user` role and the Vertex AI API is enabled in your project.
```

> - **Server URL**: For AI Studio, use `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`. For Vertex AI, the URL auto-switches to `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` if left at the default.

Reviewer: Suggested change
      
    
    
      
          
            
            - **Server URL**: For AI Studio, use `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`. For Vertex AI, the URL auto-switches to `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` if left at the default.
          
          
            
            - For AI Studio, use the server URL `https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com`. For Vertex AI, the URL auto-switches to `https://aiplatform.googleapis.com` by default.
